Add option for fluid statistics filename (#1723)
ExtremeFLOW/neko: doc/pages/user-guide/statistics-guide.md

| `avg_direction`        | Directions to compute spatial average.                         | x,y,z,xy,xz,yz  |  No spatial average           |
| `set_of_stats`        | What set of stats to compute.                         | basic, full  |  full         |
| `compute_value` | Interval, in timesteps or simulationtime, depending on compute\_control, for sampling the flow fields for statistics. | Positive real or int  | Not set (but recommended with every 50 timesteps or so  |

> | `output_filename`        | Userspecified filename to store output in.                       | filename.fld  |  fluid_statsX*        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `output_filename`        | User-specified filename to store output in.                       | filename.fld  |  fluid_statsX*        |
```

> \*The name of the written statistics file will by default be `fluid_statsX_0.f0000X,..., fluid_statsX_0.f0000Y` where X is the number of the first outputted statistic of the current run.

Reviewer: Is the \* intentional? Just checking.
